Pekka?
Mr Valentino, we meet again.
Yeah, Joel.
Like Russ brother.
How's my sister?
Where's Pekka?
Well, she's probably admiring the painting from the auction.
Listen, man.
I'm not the type of guy who likes to win without playing fair, so...
Before I take her into my bed, why don't you come to New York?
I'm taking her to a party on Friday.
What are we supposed to do, Nioh?
Tool over her?
I see how you lost your name, Mr Valentino.
You lost her.
I sent you the time and place of the party.
Alright?
I'll see you there, pal.
It's too late for you to go back to work, right?
Work?
I thought I heard you talking to someone.
Oh, no, I was just complaining about her back.
I always gets to go.